Reconfigure cmake preset (#622)
PowerGridModel/power-grid-model: docs/advanced_documentation/build-guide.md

the bare CMake CLI to set up the project. For ease of use, several presets are available (CMake 3.23+). Supported presets
for your development platform can be listed using `cmake --list-presets`.

> In Linux/macOS, the presets will use command `clang++`/`clang` or `gcc`/`g++` to find the relevant `gcc` or `clang` compiler. It is the developer's reponsiblity to proper define some symbolic link (which should be findable through `PATH` environment) of your actual `clang` or `gcc` compiler in your system. If you want to build with `clang-tidy`, you also need to define symbolic link of `clang-tidy` to point to the actual `clang-tidy` program of your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Linux/macOS, the presets will use command `clang++`/`clang` or `gcc`/`g++` to find the relevant `gcc` or `clang` compiler. It is the developer's reponsiblity to properly define symbolic links (which should be discoverable through `PATH` environment variable) of `clang` or `gcc` compiler in your system. If you want to build with `clang-tidy`, you also need to define symbolic link of `clang-tidy` to point to the actual `clang-tidy` executable of your system.
```

> Similar also applies for Windows, the presets will use command `cl.exe` or `clang-cl.exe` to find the compiler. Developer needs to make sure the they are findable in the `PATH`. For x64 Windows native development using MSVC or Clang CL, use the `x64 Native Command Prompt`, which uses `vcvarsall.bat` to set the appropriate build environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar also applies to Windows: the presets will use command `cl.exe` or `clang-cl.exe` to find the compiler. Developer needs to make sure the they are discoverable in `PATH`. For x64 Windows native development using MSVC or Clang CL, please use the `x64 Native Command Prompt`, which uses `vcvarsall.bat` to set up the appropriate build environment.
```
